In this video.
We're going to continue by implementing our ad company marker method.
So I'm still inside of my custom app class.
I'm down here at the bottom.
I'm going to expand the method definition.
We're going to create another marker inside of here.
Now, as you might guess, the marker code is going to look awfully similar to what we just did.
The only difference is that we're now pulling the latitude and longitude off of an instance of a company
as opposed to a user.
So I'm going to add in new Google Maps dot marker, capital marker.
We're going to give this thing an options object.
It's going to have a map property.
That is a reference to the map that we want to add the marker to, which will be this Google map.
And we also have that position property that's going to have a latitude coming from our company.
That would be company, location, lat and a longitude company coming from company dot location dot
LNG like so.
All right.
So I'm going to save this.
And right away you're going to notice that these two methods right here look awfully darn similar,
don't they?
Huh?
That's kind of funny.
Well, before we start to obsess over that too much, let's make sure we can actually show a market
for a company.
So I'm going to go back over to indexes.
I'm going to uncomment our import for company.
Right underneath my user, I'll create a company.
And we can use that company and add it as a marker.
So custom map, add company marker and I'll pass in my company like so.
So let's save this flip back over to the browser again and just make sure we can see our marker.
Yep.
Sure.
Can.
All right, so we got both our markers to display.
But like I said, well, our custom map file or our class doesn't have the best format right now.
So this right here, this ends the bad code we've written.
So from here on out, we're going to discuss how to fix the bad code we have inside of here.
First off, let's make sure it's really clear what is bad about this.
So the very bad thing here is that we've got two different methods that very clearly have, you know,
a ton of duplication between them.
The only difference is that in this case, we are accepting a user.
In this case, we are accepting a company.
Now, it sure would be great if we could just take in like one method and say, Hey, as long as you
are passing in something that has like a latitude and longitude, everything is going to work out just
fine.
And that's exactly what we want to do.
We're going to take these two methods and figure out how to condense them down to just one.
So let's take a quick pause right here.
We're going to come back to the next video and take a look at a couple of diagrams to understand how
we're going to do this by using interfaces and what the implication of it is.
So quick break and I'll see you in just a minute.